So now that we have an understanding of the sure fire plug in, let's take a look at something called
Maven profile in.
So what is my even profile in?
It is similar to test in g groups where we can associate tests to a specific profile.
This means we can then run a specific group of tests based on our requirements.
For example, we may want to run more tests under regression test compared to fewer under a smoke test.
We set the may even profile in the punk file used in several takes.
We can in target to run the profile better come online.
So this is a screenshot of my file and as you can see, I've set up a profile and it's got an idea of
regression.
So these are the tags that I'll be explaining when I demonstrate the use of this.
But just take notes that we reuse in the code of the Sure Fire plugin.
And for this particular profile we are running run in testing example.
So at the bottom here I have tags for a second profile and it's not fully displayed on my screen.
But the profile is for smoke, which stands for smoke tests.
And this smoke profile can point to a different test g, x and or file and the test injects and all
files are what points to what class is run.
So how does it work?
So we set the maven profile in the pom file and give the profile an I.D. which has a unique profile
name.
We then point it towards a test engine.
Simple file.
The text injects simple file control is what tests are to run under the profile.
We can then instruct Maven to run the profile with the command line and order test within the test inject
smell will trigger.
So let's try this out.
So the first thing that I'm going to do here is create a new class by copying and pasting the one from
the last lecture calling this new 108.
And I'm going to give it a name of a profile.
And the code itself is going to remain exactly the same as the last class.
The next thing I'm going to do is create a new test in small file.
So to remind ourselves this current tests inject smell points to the l07 sure fire class.
So I am going to copy and paste that test and g file and I'm going to keep the name of test and G to
the x amount.
I'm then going to open up that file.
And the key difference here is I am going to copy this line and paste it below and I'm just going to
change the name to l08 underscore.
Profile.
Like so.
So the key difference of this test in G2 file is that it points to two classes, this one and this one.
So I'm now going to save that.
The next thing I'm going to do is open up my profile and this is where I'm going to start coded the
profile.
So I'm going to scroll down until I find the end.
Dependencies.
Take.
And after that, I'm going to make some room and I'm going to use a tag called Profiles.
I'm then going to expand that and inside those profiles takes I am going to use it take you profile.
And inside those profile tags, I'm going to use a tag called i-D.
So this is going to be the name of the profile.
So I'm going to call this regression.
The next thing I'm going to do after the IED attacks is to use a build tank.
And again, I'm going to expand that.
And inside those build takes, I'm going to use a plug in management take.
And then I'm going to expand.
That's an insight that I am going to use a plugins tag.
So this is what we need to set up a profile and I now need to enter the remaining tags inside these
plug ins.
But before I do so, let me go back to the Sure Fire plugin.
So see if you can notice anything useful here.
So you can see that we have plug in tanks and we have the sure fire plug in code already here.
So all I need to do is copy that and paste that with inside the plugin.
Thanks.
Like so.
So if you hold control shift then eth eclipse will reformat that for you.
So this regression profile is going to point to the test edge example, which is this file.
So if I wanted to create a second profile, all I need to do now is copy this code.
Paste it.
Just below and withinside the profiles takes.
Like so.
So I can call this one here.
Smoke.
So this will be our smoke profile.
And this is currently pointed to the test inject smell.
So what I'm going to do quickly actually is change the regression 12.2 tests, MGE two, which is this
file.
This is because regression tests tend to have more tests than a smoke test.
So the regression test is pointing to the test in G to file.
And the smoke profile is pointing to the test in g file.
So now I am going to simply save my poem file.
And I am going to open up.
Come online.
And I am again going to see the into the directory of where my file, my project resides.
So resources workspace and Maven project.
So I'm going to copy that path.
I'm going to paste it and then select Enter.
So previously I ran the command envy n test.
And this will trigger the tests to run.
But this time I'll want to use a specific profile.
So the first one I'm going to use is the regression.
So I am going to place a spacer and I'm going to use a hyphen and a capital P.
And this is a flag which employers on providing a profile.
I'm then going to direct it directly provides the profile name.
So I'm going to try r e g r e ss i n for regression.
So now if I press enter, let's see what happens.
And you can see that two tests have run.
So what this means is.
The regression profile has run as it points to the test engine to fail, and that test entry to file
triggers two classes.
Now, if I was to go back.
And use a similar command, but this time provide smoke.
Let's see what happens.
And you can see only one test run.
And the reason for that is the smoke profile points the test n g x smell and test inject smell only
triggers the one class.
So that's how we know that may even profiles are working.
We are able to trigger a particular profile income online by using the simple MVNO test hyphen P command
and then providing the name of the profile.
I hope this lecture has been useful.
And thank you for watching.